"I'll buy everyone here a 5090" - Novowels
"I demand more :KeBooba:" - Novowels
"he say "Richy stop make fuck your loras"" - h_madoka
"angle test 'ass focus, from behind, bent over, completely nude, (gigantic ass:1.6), looking back'" - justTNP
"@wrench1815 Sht, i gonna cum" - Madao
"I fap on her doujin quite lot :cecihmm:" - Madao
"$wish Girlfriend" - FallenIncursio
"It's not gay if it's for research purposes :almsplode:" - ChameleonAI
"me trying to assess which one of the 50 totally asinine pins i can remove to add this one: :Noted:" - Novowels
"Every genshin player is familiar with exquisite butt plugs" - Anzhc
"give me sex" - ChamelenAI
"I'm fairly confident if i die in next couple years, it will be because i suffocate on balls" - ChameleonAI
"Well excessive ejaculation is painful" - Bloodsplash
"What do you mean? I can finally sex my cat" - Bloodsplash
"If she had 1 booba, she could roll" - Moose
"My breasts can't get any bigger" - Bloodsplash
"sex" - Otako
"SUCKED COCK DETECTED" - EDG
"what" "what" "what" "what" - justTNP, richyrich515, Novowels, za4dgdsdfljkfgdsl
"You will be the first against the wall when the revolution comes :pensive:" - Mori
"I hate everyone in this channel xD" - ChameleonAI
"give me your balls?" - justTNP
"I am now entering 100% horny mode" - ChameleonAI
"We are entering together" - Novowels
"Wow we have too much pinned shit now" - ChameleonAI
"I have to be confined to a cell" - Novowels
"Do you want to try daddy" - Richyrich515
"sex" - Mori
"Rule 5. Give me sex" - ChameleonAI
"YOOOOOOO SEX WORKSHOP "hyperflushed:" - justTNP
"TheNormousPenis" - justTNP
"So... Arc en Ciel orgy when?" - Mori
"But my eyes are trained to detect dick from a mile away" - Novowels
"cummies :drooling_face:" - justTNP
"keeps making her bend backwards" - LittleJelly
"So true post cum" - justTNP
"@Russel happy birthday" - Novowels
"@breaded i'm gonna masturbate :3" - Schneed
"@everyone i am going to kill you" - Russel
"sex gotta read which one it was" - PotatCat
"I love huge cocks" - Jelosus1
"love these huge cocks" - Shippy
"Balls" - Mori
"I play with myself" - wrench1815
"LET ME DETACH MY BALLS" - Russel
"Im a woman beater" - justTNP
"I just crushed a fly to death with nintendo switch" - Russel
"I'm not a perv :estelleangy:" - novowels; "I am" - ChameleonAI
"The only thing you'll be touching is your balls LoRA" - justTNP
"ye except my chicken got boobs and is fuckable" - wrench1815
"would play around with that skeleton" - PotatCat
"im blasting ropes! :huggingface:" - EllieBot
"My wife has been waiting for me for 15 minutes... And i don't really care" - Maxfield
"me wondering where my folder went. also me accidently naming the folder 'cock gowns' " - wrench1815
"@wrench1815 this is a cat" - PotatCat; "Looks fuck able" - wrench1815
"reminds me of the time I accidentally tagged Kurumi's clock eyes, as cock eyes" - ChameleonAI
"When Morbius was like IT'S LORA TIME" - Russel
"remember the time when 30 of our pins were "give me sex" related? Good times" - ChameleonAI
"Introducing Kafka, the enigmatic character from the captivating world of Honkai: Star Rail! As a valued member of the illustrious Stellaron Hunters, Kafka effortlessly emanates an aura of poise, charm, and exquisite beauty. Embark on a thrilling adventure as you discover her alluring persona. She has earned a distinguished spot on the coveted Interastral Peace Corporation's wanted list, with her name alone leaving a lingering sense of mystery. Marvel at Kafka's elegant demeanor and unyielding pursuit of aesthetic perfection, even in the midst of intense battles. Prepare to be enchanted by her grace and join her on an extraordinary quest to uncover the true essence of beauty!"
"I was completely unsatisfied with the Kafka LoRAs out there, so I resorted to making my own." - Arc en Ciel, Cabal
"arc en ca:balls:" - justTNP
"Add him to the list" - EDG
"She doesn't need standards to punch you in balls :tnp:" - Anzhc
"and i am the burger king?" - ChameleonAI; "You are the sex king" - Asstrea
"chill, Cham's only weapon is the pov waist seggs lora" - justTNP; "He gonna fuck me with that?:eyeshake:" - FallenIncursio
"SHE PULLING HER COCK OUT" - wrench1815
"Literal ass and no sexy, nice" - Manityro
"should i be worried that my most used lora for reviews from you guys is the sex one?" - ChameleonAI; "did i review it?" - FallenIncursio
"well, i reviewed it afterwards... with Shrek" - FallenIncursio
"Pingpong tables are too sexy" - Richyrich515
"You stick your dick onto slot machines?" - ChameleonAI; "more like slut machines" - EDG
"Cham really lowered his standards :pensive:" - justTNP; "I had standards?" - ChameleonAI
"Their balls barely fit in your straw?" - Anzhc
"@fallenIncursio you want Black Sperm?" - ChameleonAI; "say less" - FallenIncursio
"Pixai sucks balls" - Every Trainer